Add CUSTOM_ARGS to docs to disable reporting when installed as systemd service (#4139)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/data-collection.md

          CUSTOM_ARGS: "--disable-reporting"
```

> ### Example: Systemd service (installed via `.deb`)
> 
> Edit the `/etc/default/alloy` and add `--disable-reporting` to the `CUSTOM_ARGS` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Opt-out of data collection on Linux

1. Edit the environment file for the service:

   * Debian-based systems: edit `/etc/default/alloy`
   * RedHat or SUSE-based systems: edit `/etc/sysconfig/alloy`

1. Add `--disable-reporting` to the `CUSTOM_ARGS` environment variable.
1. Restart the Alloy service:

   ```shell
   sudo systemctl restart alloy
   ```
```

We can expand this to cover DEB and RPM based configs.
